Create a new docker file for scalar-admin (#6)
scalar-labs/scalar-admin: README.md

# scalar-admin

scalar-admin is an admin interface and client tool for Scalar services such as [Scalar DL](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl) and [Scalar DB](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb) applications. 
It will help you to `PAUSE` and `UNPAUSE` the ledger to create point-in-time recovery (PITR). 

## Use the client-side tool

To access scalar-admin integrated applications, you can use the fat jar `scalar-admin-<version>-all.jar` found in [releases](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalar-admin/releases) as follows

```console
$ java -jar scalar-admin-<version>-all.jar -c <Command> -s <SRV_Service_URL>
```

> If you want to use the scalar-admin docker container, you can do it as follows.

Reviewer: We have never explained the docker container, so `the scalar-admin docker container` sounds weird.
We should explain we have a fat jar and a container first, then explain the usage. Now they are mixed up.

Why don't you have the following structure? (separating the installation from the usage)
Please think about the contents by yourself.
```
## Installation
### Jar (please update appropriately)
### Container (please update appropriately)

## Usage
### Jar (please update appropriately)
### Container (please update appropriately)
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document updated with the above structure.

I think the Installation step is not required here, because the flat jar is available in the release tag and the docker image is available in the docker registry. (It is available in the current doc because I am not sure about this)

scalar-admin is an admin interface and client tool for Scalar services such as [Scalar DL](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl) and [Scalar DB](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb) applications. 
It will help you to pause Scalar DL Ledger cluster or Scalar DB server cluster to create a transactionally-consistent backup.

## scalar-admin client tool

As of the current implementation, the scalar-admin client tool is mainly used to pause (and unpause) the cluster of applications that implement the admin interface.

### Install

#### Fat jar

The release versions of `scalar-admin` fat jar can be downloaded from [releases](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalar-admin/releases) page of Scalar Admin.

#### Docker container

You can pull the docker image from [Scalar's container registry](https://github.com/orgs/scalar-labs/packages/container/package/scalar-admin).

#### Build from sources

In case you want to build `scalar-admin` fat jar from the source:

```console
$ ./gradlew shadowJar
```

* The built fat jar file is `build/libs/scalar-admin-<version>-all.jar`

In case you want to build the docker image from the source:

```console
$ ./gradlew docker
```

### Usage

> You can manage the scalar-admin integrated applications in the following ways

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
What are `the applications` (`the` should specify something we talked about, but I don't get what it specifies)? What do you mean by `manage`

Author: Sorry for the inconvenience.
The above-specified suggestion is integrated.

It's my mistake.
I mean we can pause and unpause scalar-admin integrated applications.

#### Fat jar

> You can run the flat jar as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the fat jar as follows.
```

Reviewer: Please re-read the doc before asking for a review.

Author: Sorry for the inconvenience.
The above-specified suggestion is integrated.

# scalar-admin

scalar-admin is an admin interface and client tool for Scalar services such as [Scalar DL](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl) and [Scalar DB](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb) applications. 
It will help you to `PAUSE` and `UNPAUSE` the ledger to create point-in-time recovery (PITR). 

## Use the client-side tool

To access scalar-admin integrated applications, you can use the fat jar `scalar-admin-<version>-all.jar` found in [releases](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalar-admin/releases) as follows

```console
$ java -jar scalar-admin-<version>-all.jar -c <Command> -s <SRV_Service_URL>
```

You can use the scalar-admin docker container as follows

```console
$ docker run -it --rm ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version> -c <Command> -s <SRV_Service_URL>
```

You can use the scalar-admin docker container on kubernetes as follows

```console
$ kubectl run --image=ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version> --restart=Never --rm  -i scalarAdmin -- -c <Command> -s <SRV_Service_URL>
```

Note:- Commands are `PAUSE`, `UNPAUSE` and `STATS`.

## Containerize the client-side tool

> You can create a build to containerize the scalar-admin tool as follows.

Reviewer: English is pretty weird.
Do you mean this?
```suggestion
If you want to create a docker container, you can do it as follows.
```

Author: Sorry for the inconvenience.
Document updated with the above suggestion.

```console

> $ cd scalar-admin

Reviewer: You are already in it since you are reading the README right?
```suggestion
```

Author: > You are already in it since you are reading the README right?

Yes, command removed

$ ./gradlew docker
```

> You can create a docker build from the `build/docker` directory.

Reviewer: What do you mean? what is `a docker build`?
Do we need this sentence?

# scalar-admin

scalar-admin is an admin interface and client tool for Scalar services such as [Scalar DL](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl) and [Scalar DB](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb) applications. 
It will help you to `PAUSE` and `UNPAUSE` the ledger to create point-in-time recovery (PITR). 

> ## Client-side tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## scalar-admin client tool
```

The scalar-admin client tool is used to manage the admin interface implemented applications.
It will help to `PAUSE` and `UNPAUSE` the application without losing the transaction.

> ### Installation

Reviewer: The current doc looks like we need to build to use it, which is not true.
Please restructure the whole doc.
(I think the building part should come later, but please think)

Author: I will recreate it.

Author: Document updated like scalar-schema tool doc.
As in the scalar-schema tool, the building part is placed after the installation step.

You can create a build for the scalar-admin client tool using the following methods

> #### Jar

Reviewer: I think we need to show how to install via Docker. 
Like I said, most users just use the container instead of building it.

Author: I would like to release a scalar-admin docker image in the scalar docker registry.
So the users can use it like this
```
docker run -it --rm ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version> -c <Command> -s <SRV_Service_URL>
```

If users want to create a custom docker image, they can use the https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalar-admin/tree/scalar-admin-dockerfile#container section

If you want to create a client tool fat jar, you can do it as follows.

```console
$ ./gradlew shadowJar
```

#### Container

If you want to create a scalar-admin container, you can do it as follows.

```console
$ ./gradlew docker
```

### Usage

You can manage the scalar-admin integrated applications in the following ways

#### Jar

To access scalar-admin integrated applications, you can use the fat jar `scalar-admin-<version>-all.jar` found in [releases](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalar-admin/releases) as follows

```console

> $ java -jar scalar-admin-<version>-all.jar -c <Command> -s <SRV_Service_URL>

Reviewer 2: Is any details regarding `<SRV_Service_URL>` necessary in this guide, like in notes section?

```

#### Container

If you want to use the scalar-admin container, you can do it as follows.

```console
$ docker run -it --rm ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version> -c <Command> -s <SRV_Service_URL>
```

If you want to use the scalar-admin container on kubernetes, you can do it as follows.

```console

> $ kubectl run --image=ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version> --restart=Never --rm  -i scalarAdmin -- -c <Command> -s <SRV_Service_URL>

Reviewer: Why `scalarAdmin` is static?

Author: Sorry, I will change the static value

Author: Document updated like
```
kubectl run <NAME> -it --image=ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version> --restart=Never --rm -- <command_arguments>
```

# scalar-admin

scalar-admin is an admin interface and client tool for Scalar services such as [Scalar DL](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl) and [Scalar DB](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb) applications. 

> It will help you to `PAUSE` and `UNPAUSE` the ledger to create point-in-time recovery (PITR). 

Reviewer: Please write it correctly and properly. 
* not only for ledger
* not only for PITR
* What is `PAUSE` and `UNPAUSE`?

```suggestion
It will help you to pause Scalar DL Ledger cluster or Scalar DB server cluster to create a transactionally-consistent backup.
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document updated with the above image.

## scalar-admin client tool

> The scalar-admin client tool is used to manage the admin interface implemented applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document updated with the above suggestion.

> It will help to `PAUSE` and `UNPAUSE` the application without losing the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of the current implementation, the scalar-admin client tool is mainly used to pause (and unpause) the cluster of applications that implement the admin interface.
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document updated with the above suggestion.

### Usage

> You can manage the scalar-admin integrated applications in the following ways

Reviewer: Isn't it weird to go to `install` after `usage`?

Follow this.

* Install
  * Fat jar
  * Docker container
  * Build from sources
* Run
  * Fat jar
  * Docker container

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document updated with the above suggestion.

```

* The built fat jar file is `build/libs/scalar-admin-<version>-all.jar`

#### Container

You can pull the docker image from [Scalar's container registry](https://github.com/orgs/scalar-labs/packages/container/package/scalar-admin).

If you want to use the `scalar-admin` container, you can do it as follows.

```console
$ docker run -it --rm ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version> <command_arguments>
```

If you want to use the `scalar-admin` container on kubernetes, you can do it as follows.

```console
$ kubectl run <NAME> -it --image=ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version> --restart=Never --rm -- <command_arguments>
```

* Note that you can specify the same command arguments even if you use the fat jar or the container.
The example commands in the next section are shown with a jar, but you can run the commands with the container in the same way by replacing
`java -jar scalar-admin-<version>-all.jar` with `docker run -it --rm ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version>` or `kubectl run <NAME> -it --image=ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin:<version> --restart=Never --rm --`

In case you want to build the docker image from the source:

```console
$ ./gradlew docker
```

> #### Run

Reviewer: Remove this section and integrate the contents **nicely** into the `Use` section.

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
Document updated with the above suggestion.

$ build/install/scalar-admin/bin/scalar-admin
```

> 

Reviewer: Why don't you add usage for the container? Most users would just use it instead of creating it, right?

Author: > Why don't you add usage for the container? 

Sorry for the inconvenience. I left to add. 
Steps for container usage added.

> Most users would just use it instead of creating it, right?

yes
